vmselect: fix result in Prometheus query when time is small (#4578)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): fix application routing issues and problems with manual URL changes. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4408).
* BUGFIX: add validation for invalid [partial RFC3339 timestamp formats](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Single-server-VictoriaMetrics.html#timestamp-formats) in query and export APIs.
* BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): interrupt explore procedure in influx mode if vmctl found no numeric fields.

> * BUGFIX: vmselect: fix result in Prometheus querying API if time arg is less than two times of step(default 5m).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: vmselect: fix timestamp alignment for Prometheus querying API if time argument is less than 10m from the beginning of Unix epoch.
```
